As I have already said, being a non-native speaker and having a large audience makes it a challenging task to write push notifications. Especially, when new content comes every week and has a lot of promotions or events that require push notifications.Quite often event types or promos are similar from week to week so it’s hard to stay creative. But after a year of copywriting I came up with a few tricks that make the process less stressful.Usually, my copies for push notifications have two parts. The flavor part is supposed to get the player's attention, and the info part to give the player an idea of what is going on. While the second part is usually straightforward the first one may be hard to come up with.So here are a few tricks that I use when I’m stuck.1.Rhyme thingThere is a nice service called rhymezone.com. If you enter a word that you want to rhyme, then pick an advanced view - it gives you a list of words that may be useful for your copy. The list will even be sorted ascending by popularity. Here are a few examples:A. For hugging day “PLUG a 🫂 HUG into your routine! Celebrate Hugging Day with…“B. Or another holiday “💪 The body ACHIEVES what the 🧠 mind BELIEVES! Celebrate Mind-Body Wellness Day with…”C. For the content with the word “orb” in its name “🔮 Wanna be the LORD? Roll this new ORB! 🔥 Join…D. For Oktoberfest a “mag” was rhyming with “🍺 GRAB a MAG and CHUG! Score a special…”2. imagesI believe you know about the image search tab in Google as well as you should be familiar with Pinterest. Try to enter your keyword, add “quotes / phrases / captions ” word, and hit Enter. Both of these services have a lot of images that have text on them about every topic possible.But there is an even more useful trick! When you find a good phrase - click on it, and these services provide you with more similar or at least related content. For sure, not all of it will be creative, quite a lot of images will have the same text with different fonts.Start scrolling until you find something that suits you. Here are a few examples that I build with a help of these services:A.[new content] is 🌶️ too hot to handle! Celebrate Hot and Spicy Food Day 🥵 with us…B. 💂 Let's get crackin’ with a new 🎄 Nutcracker holiday-themed [your content here]!C.🍹 Bartenders know too much! 🍸 or 🍹 For those who warm us up! 🍸 Celebrate National Bartender Day with [your content here]!2. Words playThere are cases where it is possible to play with a word and it might look cool. For example:A.𓆏 CROAK the system! Join [your content here]B.🕺🎸 DISCO IT with the new [70’s themed content here]C.🐈 Raise a PAWsome friend that will leave a paw print on your heart! 😺 Join the [your content here]D.🐈 Less stress, more cats! 😺 Raise your PURRsome friend in a new [your content here]E.🦜 Tweet-tweet! 👯Twin-twin! Celebrate National Twin Day [here we had bird-themed content]F.🦅 Celebrate Wildlife Conservation Day with ROARsome 🐅 [your content here]3. Rewrite previous examples.If you are using push notifications for at least half a year or your team was sending them before you joined the team - there is a chance that you will end up with a solid creative copies bank. Especially when you were writing a few creatives per promotion for AB testing.In half of a year, you will end up with a solid creative bank with copies that may be reused after modification. To pick a potentially useful one - just use the keyword search in a document or filtering if you store them in a table sheet.4. emojisIf you are struggling to find appropriate emojis for push notification, or you feel that there are more appropriate emojis that you have in mind - there are a few services that can help you.A. Enter a keyword in emojipedia.org search and it will list down all related emojis. If you click one it will show you more emojis related to that one.B.Enter a keyword in emojicombos.com and you will be offered a list of emoji collections related to the keyword. Looks like some users build these collections and other users rate them. So on the top you can see a really useful collection for your topic.5. Next day improvements.Copywriting is like winemaking. If you leave them and come back after a while you can make them better. Do not write and publish on the same day.5. Typos and grammarI make typos a lot. But there are few tools that help me to identify these and eliminate them. As I write copies in Google Docs - there is a cool baked-in tool that checks spelling and grammar. Usually I do not approve suggestions with one click but rewrite the words again in order to build a habit to write them correctly.The second tool is Grammarly. I use it not as an option instead of Google's built-in tool, but as a second checking frontier. After using these tools, if a run date for these notifications is not today I ask my wife to check them too. Usually, she can find 1-2 mistakes too, or suggests better slang.In conclusion, I want to highlight that while all these tips and tricks alone are not super useful, if you use them together they can boost your creativity and speed up copywriting.This is one post out of push notifications series! Be sure to check them all:1. What are game push notifications?2. Why push notifications are important for games?3. How to avoid players unsubscribing from game push notifications?4. Find best performing push notification copies throuh AB testing.5. How to write creative copies when content keeps falling on you?1. Follow @gamedevbiz to see more content related to mobile game dev, growth or monetzation in your feed!2. Double tap if you found it useful!3. Comment your thoughts about where I was wrong!4. Share the post in your story \ feed to show your colleagues this piece!